I-I don't see anything. Stop
What to say and what not to say
You have to be measured, you know?
Say
What happened?
No, nothing.
It's just that I accidentally broke the plate.
Hey, dear.
Why didn't you tell me when you came back early?
So I can pick you up at the airport?
Isn't it your birthday tomorrow?
I wanted to surprise you.
how
Are you unhappy?
How come?
Happy birthday uncle
Tires to you to court
I just want to have a good relationship with my future uncle
Thank you, Ling Ling.
Give it up.
You take any junk cake
This is also a piece of people's mind, oops.
What are you doing?
Disgusting
I'm sorry, my lord, I'm so sorry, what are you wiping?
Godin has been ruined by you
Not on purpose
Hurry up and wash
Uncle blames me
Auntie should beat me and scold me.
Don't hurt your kindness because of me
Don't worry.
I won't let you suffer the slightest grievance with me.
You little bitch
Are you capable?
Are you crazy?